the reality is you guys were right
realistically with Rising interest rates
and inflation we probably would have
gone down eventually but after the
slowdown in production after the
controversy last
August guys we're out of money and we
can't afford our office buildings
anymore there is a silver lining though
we were able to hold on to one asset the
old Langley house so one little eviction
notice to the tenants later a VOA the
new old lonus Media Group off
off we're moving back in honestly I see
this as a win I mean before we grew too
big for our Brites we used to shoot our
videos here in this regular residential
house so why can't we do it again it's
where we created bangers like whole room
water cooling the ultimate RGB build
guide and more importantly that time we
pranked old Taran for a
year I mean realistically if it worked
for 10 people it should work for a 100
people we just knew knew that creating
an efficient layout was going to be a
top priority I mean the first day I was
here I couldn't take two steps without
bumping into something or tripping over
somebody so we divided up the house by
department and gave everyone an equal
Works Space just turned out that uh some
departments got a little bit more equal
workspace than others we're going to
start in the living room oh after we
tell you about our sponsor please don't
skip we really need the money build
Redux not everyone has time time to
build themselves a PC that's obvious
what's also obvious is that you should
let the experts at build Redux do that
for you check them out at the link
below my god oh wow um I think it's
worse than I imagined oh my God we moved
the poor editors here too everybody's
here L is the whole company in this
corner where the tech quickie green
screen used to be we still have a green
screen but we've also got the writing
Department how's the transition been
guys it's been all right so far I think
I enjoy it we had a power search and my
computer died hey um glass half full you
still have a computer uh before they
took the keys we had everyone just kind
of snatch everything that was within
Arms Reach including their computers so
we're actually pretty good there but the
issue is that asking everyone to sneak a
desk out seemed like a tall order
realistically you look around it's not
like everyone one of these people could
have had a traditional desk
anyway that's why Jordan actually came
up with the idea of bunk desks I mean we
just added the junior writing position
so they get the ground spots while the
uh senior writers get the top
bunks nice don't worry buddy you'll get
up here one day while the view is Good
from the top the commute has some
problems we've got Creator Warehouse
Engineers working on improved solutions
for this which uh you guys might catch
later on in the video keep your eyes
peeled speaking of peeling potatoes you
may already know from the tour of our
potato farm that we do our best to give
our staff their yard time I I don't mean
that in a literal sense I mean no one's
allowed outside without a pass like yard
time like a prison you know uh time away
from your cell it's a
joke quite onet now one big challenge is
going from four fridges to one has led
into some significant food storage
problems so we started organizing Pizza
lunches every eating day everyone gets a
slice and hey clean up is easy
too which is nice because we've been
doing most of our Vlogs here in the
kitchen it's like the good old days only
uh
Cozier he's contractually obligated to
do that lonus we okay we got to we got
to shoot tchas now we need the space
morph suit Adam
thanks to AI Apple's next iPad is
supposed to have a sense of selfness I
can hear you
talking come on yeah not having sets
anymore the green screen's been getting
a ton of action which means the editing
Den has been absolutely
bustling we were originally planning to
put Logistics here but uh then I had a
little
brainstorm they can't take this box
truck back
if they don't know where it is I was
concerned we wouldn't be able to pack
all three of our surviving Logistics
members in here but with how little of
our inventory made it to the new space
it's not a problem in fact we're going
to have more room soon because uh
there's almost no work for them to do is
there oh no oh hi
Mark I see you are working off of one of
my favorite kinds of products anything
from a sponsor who hasn't abandoned us
over our constant stream of
controversies like UK green please don't
go away oh which by the way brings us to
one of the problems that we had to solve
here power delivery you see most
Vancouver homes are serviced for about
10,000 Watts which sounds like a lot
Until you realize that across 100 people
that's like 100 watts each for all of
their Tech and that's not including
appliances or air conditioning or who
turned these
on who turned these on
doesn't include a budget for
lights I told you guys there's no budget
for lights and working in the dark
promotes positive Chi look how much
better we all feel right
now one of the ideas we had to solve
this was to just have the editors work
off of power efficient laptops you know
the kind that can be quickly grabbed in
a hurry but we realized that most of
what we had on hand just wasn't
sufficient for any kind of computation
heavy workload like rendering video
we're currently working on a solution
using jailbroken ps5s which draw less
than 200 watts each as our standardized
workstations we're going to have the
files that you need to jailbreak the PS5
Linked In the description below but
sadly we've run into some compatibility
issues with Adobe Creative Suite 6 so
the editors were allowed to keep their
Windows machines for
now on the condition that they edit
twice as many videos as
before cuz they've got twice as much
power we even let them keep full-size
desktop monitors like these ones from
vew
Sonic that uh landfest might want back
at some point they're not getting it
back sucks to be them I mean
realistically we're a great company that
deserves their support anyway like look
at this plof um this is a great
workstation you've got here it's very
ergonomic is working on an upcoming
video where we're giving away gaming
rigs to people who ask for them in the
comments what what that's what you're
working on is it for them comments yeah
oh God you know and then just here's the
rroll every time someone actually wins
don't worry it's fine it won't cost
anything oh God now as you can imagine
having so many people in a house that's
designed for five maybe six people there
are not enough bathrooms to go around we
tested out some solutions like a
schedule or those vibrating pucks they
hand out at restaurants that it turns
out you can just take but the best
system ended up being earning bathroom
time on a merit basis which for me means
anytime I want excuse me hey hey whoo
whoo again come on you have your own
bathroom oh dude I take it back go go
ahead
jeez what are you doing you done as for
the Post lunch drop off rush and uh the
low married individuals who uh just can
never really earn any bathroom time we
operate a shuttle to the local Starbucks
where our Mac address writer Jonathan
course has made his
office fun fact he Blends in so well
with the crowd of oy FY people on the
MacBooks he's been there for weeks and
they haven't even noticed them at this
point you probably have some questions
about Network infrastructure the editors
are clearly all connected to ethernet
cables and uh' got some pretty high-end
stuff we were able to snag right here
but where do these cables come from
where do they go let me show you one
thing we will never compromise on is our
Ballin servers and I mean look I knew
that we could address almost all of our
infrastructure issues if we just set
people up to work remotely and In
fairness to me I allowed most of the
managers to work from home but for
everyone else we've got to connect to
new new new new new wanic and our 10 gig
internet connection that we achieved by
aggregating Links from nine of our
unsuspecting neighbors thanks thanks
neighbors
right thanks
neighbors let's check out the server we
wanted to put it downstairs where we
could take advantage of the natural heat
regulation of the basement but now that
we can't afford his executive level pay
anymore Luke enthusiastically
volunteered to move back into the
basement hey Luke working harder hardly
working you yeah we're such good friends
we could talk to each other like that oh
um on our way upstairs then to see the
server we're going to pass our business
and procurement teams on The house's
naturally embedded cushion benches with
all the changes that we're making around
here we decided there was nothing more
important than to streamline the
moneymaking processes and we're putting
it all right into our script writing now
hey you make me any money today shro
absolutely wait are you un Link in no
he's not as for any confidential calls
the business team just takes in their
cars situation in the carven sorry sorry
sorry for sakes man in the car okay okay
sorry sorry my boss is just give me that
I'll just do it he'll talk to you in a
minute I got to have a chat with him
first meet me
outside I'll be out there eventually
here take your phone other than the
occasional insubordination I'd say this
department is doing great you guys doing
great yeah happy to be
here now for the server room
oh
Dan um good job you want to tell the
people about what we've got going on
here this uh used to be a infrastructure
map and now it's this which is great
yeah um thanks I
guess oh yeah uh so this is our like
UniFi rack we had to send the Hammond
back yep uh our internet comes in
through here through the window no no
it's it's on the floor I don't want it
running through my office bring it in
through the window okay okay uh bye
tomorrow uh and then we've got the the
portable Nas over there cuz we don't
have W anymore and then these are the
mother Vault ah we went back to the old
Vault you got like 20 terab wow and
Wi-Fi uh yeah uh no one else is allowed
to connect to this one though right this
is mine six uh yeah sure I prefer yes to
sure I can't change this anymore
obviously there's still some work for
you to do then Dan but yeah there's some
really cool stuff like this is still a
working bathroom check this out I can
wash my
hands no it gets so
hot honestly this whole place is kind of
hot not only is every computer a space
heater but every one of my worldclass
meat sacks produces around another 80
Watts meaning we're at 18,000 watts how
do we cool that well initially we tried
opening the windows pretty good idea
right but then people started abusing
their privileges so we had to think
outside the box you've seen water cooled
room you've seen water cooled chair have
you seen water cooled humans in here
we've got our camera storage which we
don't have a lot of it but hey we don't
have a lot of Studio space anymore so uh
win-win and our amazing accounting
department this is pretty cool right all
we needed was a couple Pals some tubes
some painkillers and a garbage bag it
just runs in there then to prevent them
from getting swamp butt we use camping
chairs so any extra moisture just
collects in the bottom and then seeps
into the carpet where it can be
dissipated into the rest of the room um
speaking of collection guys is there any
money today are you playing video games
uh I'm actually working enough of these
guys who lik accountants anyway now
let's see what Creator Warehouse is up
to you um might remember there being
more people on the team and you're right
we sent half of them on a trip to China
to work closer with our manufacturers
literally then to save money and keep
our prices low for you we canel their
return airfare that's a lose win win uh
what are the engineers working on I
can't help feeling like we used to draw
things on computers we still can his is
dead though and this way getting a sign
off is much easier
too oh
yeah ready to go to the manufacturers
fun fact uh this is Nick's old office
back when we were working out of this
house the first time just now he shares
it with about eight other people yeah
and we still get kicked out on Fridays
for the W show here on the other side of
our now in-house screwdriver production
facility we've got our social team as
you guys probably know Twitter and Tik
Tok don't pay particularly well and we
had to cost down but we can't stop the
content Mill so these guys just need to
take up a little less space than before
you guys are doing good Mr Sebastian I
have a question I have a question for
you why are you not posting cat memes I
only get paid in Cloud exposure I'm
wondering if we can that's a good
question why don't we turn our attention
to the fashion team what are you working
on so right now you know just measuring
some fabric for some new Styles testing
out to make sure that the GSM is what we
want whether we want a heavyweight or
lightweight garment you know all that
good stuff right but have you costed it
down yes like way down I know yeah we're
talking sense and that's why it's red
DED red with oh God meanwhile in the
final corner of this spacious office
we've got a lamade um it's a little
tougher to measure things I guess
without a table how do you do it now
well you go on the floor why does this
have blood on it I put my blood sweated
tears into it just like we do with all
of our merch at LT store yeah you heard
it here first one in every hundred
shirts will have have authentic sah
teers on it and to show we care about
our customers just as much as our
employees we kept over 19% of our
customer care team right here in the
closet thanks Nolan you're doing God's
work you're welcome I tell him I'm God
there's not much to see in here though
it's basically like the rest of the
house I mean look at this awful paint
job do they even know what eggshell is
uh I I mean I guess I've got my plants
and uh oh this is where I have my
Visions this isn't the time for work
though I'm giving you guys a tour now
you might wonder why exactly it is that
I need my own exit from the building and
it's because just because my job is to
have visions doesn't mean that I have to
like see all of the people who execute
them it feels good to be
outside by the way this is where we're
shooting short circuit these days what's
go have a
look it's just like the old days thanks
so much for watching guys make sure to
check out another video like the one
where we learned to suita sausage that's
a good one it took a really long time
cuz the heater on this hot tub doesn't
work so good but hey I mean look we're
ready for all the different elements
Belle even has a full 40% of this uh woo
hot tub covered doing good in there
it'll be warm soon at least it would if
we'd ever paid the gas
bill oh there's our parking lot the
neighbors don't really like it but
uhome this is fun right I mean securing
a parking spot at the old office was
almost a blood sport so as you can
imagine this it's more like the
Thunderdome 100 people enter one person
gets
Rich you know like the angry Maxwell
movie in the meantime we've developed an
efficient system for fitting an
incredible 30 hole cars where our
neighbors used to access their garages
and the only scratches are from when
they get keyed we really are making the
best out of what could have been a tough
situation but you know what I always say
what doesn't kill us makes us stronger
feel stronger oh we ended up in HR they
suck let's go look at the lap sorry for
breathing things are a little tight in
here but we're making it work how's it
going Gary it's going great today all
right let's see then if you can handle
this one more time okay what's better
gForce or Arc Ark no okay again
GeForce Ark Ark
oh he's going to get it eventually how's
it going John we got a lot of space here
that's a good attitude I like to hear
that and what are you working on we're
retesting the XTX cuz everybody keeps
complaining about it oh that's a good
idea actually there's a there's a lot of
kind of uh redoing that's been going on
including adjusting the labs as attitude
Antoine here is undergoing a mandatory
new training
program Antoine we've been through this
me we live as a team we die as a team it
is amazing how many tax writeoffs you
can fit in this bad boy infinite money
glitch yeah it all kind of came together
I was worried it would be a tough
transition but instead it feels like
going back to our roots and guys this is
just the beginning we've got all kinds
of great content planned for you guys
like uh whole human water cooling V2
where we actually mix the chilled liquid
with their blood which is going to be
really cool oh and my personal favorite
the best tech for faking your death and
leaving the country uh on that subject
hey uh shout out vonic and landfest for
Lending us those monitors that uh you
can get back if you can find us good
luck though cuz the only people we give
this address to are the ones that send
us checks like our sponsor Squarespace
whether you're starting a new business
or growing an existing one a functional
and informative website is key to taking
things to the next level Squarespace is
userfriendly allinone planform platform
uses intuitive drag and drop elements so
you can make an eye-catching and
engaging page for your audience to
interact with all with no coding
experience required and if you're
building out something a little more
custom their asset Library lets you
manage all your files from one Central
Hub and use them across the Squarespace
platform use it anywhere but if you're
having a little trouble or just need
some inspiration you can check out their
comprehensive guides and call up their
247 support team help help I need help
oh thank you and after your website's up
and running use Advanced Analytical
insights to see what you're doing right
and What needs a little tweaking so if
you need a website and and you do I
every everyone does think Squarespace
head to squarespace.com LT and get 10%
off today
still what was
that wait who's that hey no
no
oh